"setup.sh" should get everything basiclly ready to go.
This is an ugly but functional setup right now while I 
flesh out this idea.  Should be daemonized correctly if
I persue this project.

You will need to add a list of interfaces to shape, by
default this is setup in /etc/nonagon/interfaces.conf
The format is one interface per line.

You will need to create your own JSON files from 
the example: ./var/lib/nonagon/flows/example.domain.tld, and 
add traffic you are shapeing to /var/lib/nonagon/flows/
This actually sets up what addresses will be put in which
shapeing class.

The system is configured by setting enviormental variables
for some global settings.  Host configurations are kept in 
json files for planned future use in a web interface, with
a db store-for now they are in the filesystem.

Configuration file reading has not been implemented yet.
For now you setup the enviorment, or change the program 
directly.  Then enviormental variable "NFLOWLIST" sets the
directory which is to be used for the json files that 
describe how to shape a given address.  It is read into py
as "flowlist", but is easily set in the ENV.

There are 5 global settings that can be set in an enviorment
that will affect the way the traffic shaper runs:
CEIL - The max speed in Mbps
CLASSDIVIDE - How to divide the CEIL to produce classes
CEILRANGE - Burst speed above given shaped speed
SFQLIMIT - Number of packets to hold in buffer before dropping
SPERTURB - How often to update hashing algorithm in seconds

Address shaping configured in the JSON files must conform to 
classes that are generated by CEIL / CLASSDIVIDE.  For example
a CEIL of 100Mbps, with a CLASSDIVIDE of 10, creates 10 
classes: (10Mbps, 20Mbps, 30Mbps...100Mbps), of which a host
can be assigned a class.  The system should allow for n 
classes but is defaulted to 10 as a resonable starting place.
Your hosts must have a valid class based on this formula, or 
you will experiance errors, and your host's shapeing will not 
be applied.
